and I had problems difficult to solve in
a difficult ethic of my life is between
the space and the walls and holding the
opinion of my family
hi friends today we are going to learn to play
the guitar a song of the
authentic decadents they are a
Ska band formed in the year of 1986
in the city of buenos aires argentina
we started well let's start
learning the little strum which
we will use for the whole song more or
less would go this way is a meeting
extremely easy which is what we do
we only do two first up
but there is a small shutdown technique
We first turn off the note
first we turn off landa if they can
observe
i
that would be would be like the basic duster
for the music of scale more hands of
this way with a little bit of rhythm we can
change chords
that would be the little one the little one and
first that I wanted to show you telesca
well since we learned what is the
strumming let's start with the chords
of the first part would be what is a
yes more we will need what is a mime
in this position the biggest crusader
sustained minor
and phases of the media
then let's see direct
structured we make the we go down here
this sharp
we go then we go up to talk and your well
that would be the first part good for the
second stanza let's add three
new chords that would be this sharp
higher
we will use what is sustained lower
and also 2 you did not feel ok
then it would be late
according to the part we are not what we do
this chord my rebel spirit laughed
when we come from the second part we're going
here
and then we go to this already to finish
the stanza I do not understand what is the
meaning now we are going to learn what
is the part of the chorus for estribio
let's use what is a step
sustained minor
a system
let's use sustained minor
we use this we use the we go back to
go down to that this is a sustained sun
but we already learned that we are going to
also use what is phases had
this
we can also do it but so that
are a little better would be to feel and
we will do for the end
17 then it would be
true
and whatever I want in this life I'm going to
fulfill my case that was the music of 5
lifetime
we are going to do it once more
chorus would be for the race from
who wants in this life I will fulfill my
vocation was synthetic music life
well that would be the refrain since
we learn the chorus only we
would subtract to learn the part of the choir
well for the choir part we're going to
need only a small circle
musical we are going to give the chords of
orderly way for us to do ourselves
the idea of ​​how the song would go
we will need what is my biggest here
crossed then here this yes greater always
crossed
we go up that is consistent with C sharp
less
then we passed it to me again and here
we make it easy
and we fall to what is a yes then
It would be me I do not want to work I do not want
marry
and now
let's do one more time more slowly
then it would be me
I do not want to get married
all day
a little faster so mother matter
because love money I'm going to talk
you do not upset me good friends that would be the
tutorial for today's guitar
the decadent authentic remembers that
can you leave your suggestions here
down in the comments give him lay
video and share it if you can
that would be all from me I see them until
the next